docs: minor additions to the ads consent docs (#131)
invertase/react-native-google-mobile-ads: docs/european-user-consent.mdx

## Handling consent

To setup and configure ads consent collection, first of all:

- Enable and configure GDPR and IDFA messaging in the [Privacy & messaging section of AdMob's Web Console](https://apps.admob.com/v2/privacymessaging).

- For Android, add the following rule into
  `android/app/proguard-rules.pro`:
  ```

>   -keep class com.google.android.gms.internal.consent_sdk.** { *; }

Reviewer: I still can't believe this part is necessary, but as we analyzed it definitely is, so this doc pointer is fantastic thank you

  - `OBTAINED`: User consent already obtained.
- **isConsentFormAvailable**: A boolean value. If `true` a consent form is available.

> **Note:** The status returned by this call tells whether the user has already
> seen and replied to the consent form, rather than the actual status of his consent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** The return status of this call is the status of *form presentation and response collection*, **not
the the actual user consent**. It simply indicates if you now have a consent response to decode.
```

That is really subtle, I can see how that was confusing and I remember the discussion around the same.
Everyone likes to propose wording changes and I'm no different :laughing: - your message definitely clarified
it for me, and with this change I try to make it even more clear, what do you think?

If you don't like it that's fine, I'll go +1 on your version, it's a big help just that it exists and I don't want to bikeshed more than one round

Author: Looks good to me.

}
```

> **Note:** Don't try to use this functionality to enforce user consent on iOS,

Reviewer: This seems really important (since iOS app review is so hit or miss...) but at the same time is vague. Is there a link to some upstream document or a key phrase people could do a search for that expands on this? As an implementer the first thing I would want to do is click on a link that said something like "Find more information for respectfully obtaining user consent here" or similar

I looked myself at the UMP for iOS site and saw no mention of anything? https://developers.google.com/admob/ump/ios/quick-start
